1. Location stamping. Location stamping means the mobile device automatically appends user location info. to the publication.
A mechanism/model is required to defining how to obtain user location. The article at   
http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html discusses this issue in details.

2. Publish incentives. VTI needs to provide incentives for publishers. The problem can be approached from two ways. 
On one hand, VTI can bring in real currency or currency interchangeable commodities by collaborations with local businesses to incite publishers 
. For example, sell ads positions in VTI to local stores to collect funds for rewarding publishers or distribute in-store coupons to publishers.
On the other hand,  if VTI can attract and keep a critical number of users, then there is a good chance some users will voluntarily publish (suppose
a small proportion of population are regular content contributers.) In order to be attractive to users, VTI needs to vouch minimum 
information to users. That is to say, users can still get at least external information upon subscriptions even without any user generated data. Specifically,
there are 3 different types of subscriptions.
(i) subscriptions for transit transportation.  External information can be RSS feeds from CTA. Now only alerts for train routes (e.g. scheduled platform closings, or elevator out-of-service announcements, etc.) are fed into VTI.
Bus and train location information can also be fed into VTI. 
(ii) subscriptions for private transportation. External information can be relative traffic conditions from traffic web sites such as Google Map or Traffic.com. However these web sites
only color traffic condition on map. How to automatically obtain traffic details from colored map is difficult.
(iii) subscriptions for parking information. External information include the positions and rates of parking peters for street parking and maybe locations and rates for proprietary parking lots.   

